# GalaticCoin is a project of projects and ideas backing the demand for increased global efforts towards space exploration."GAC" or GalaticCoins short term purpose is to ideally represent the global interest in space oriented projects, concepts and futuristic ideas that may not be so foreign to us in the near future. Projects today like the probing of Mars and the recent discoveries may one day lead to a concept described as Planteary Excavation which is the same concept of probing but on a more grander scale,but if the colonization of Mars becomes a reality for Mankind then new concepts like Plantetary Transportation,Planetary Transports, Multi-Planetary Congregations(s), and many more could become regularly spoken terms. Colonization is a concept where People leave earth to live on another planet in a colony which is the begining phase of the developmental process of creating an enviornment capable of sustaining prolonged life, so that an infrastructure can be established marking the beginging of a new era for mankind. In the birth of this Era a new currency will already be ready for inter-planetary trading. This brings us to the Long-Term Goal of GalacticCoin. The Long term goal of GalacticCoin or "GAC" is to become our galaxies very first inter-planetary standard currency to be traded between planets. "GAC" or GalacticCoins Overall goal is to gain more Public & Private Support from the Global Communities around the world that will help sustain the value of this token for which is intended to reflect Global Interest in the increased efforts towards more Space Exploration and other projects. A to be determined percantage of GalaticCoin proceeds will also be donated to the National Space Society to help build Freight ships capable of Interplanetary Travel and or other forms of Travel throughout our Galaxy. GalaticCoin if successful will also estbalish the galaxys first inter-planetary currency to be used for long-distant payments and or large-scale galatic payments for resource transports. IF GalaticCoin is a complete success, and Mankind has colonized their very first planet GalaticCoin will help pay for the Galaxys First Universal, Inter-planetary Economical Trading Center where multiple currency and stock option trades, and other transactions will be made available so that Colonized planets will have a decentralized Network built for the purposes of inter-planetary Galatic Trading thus allowing Stock on Earth to be bought/traded/ and or sold from a colonized planet as well as from earth. Newly Discovered Resources will automatically be registered upon a successfull Galatic Registration confirmation.The Gx Protocol is the power behind the GalacticCoin and is what sustains the "GAC" in the market.GX Protocol describes a layout of an entire galatic economical network economy as well as the various ways it will work. With the presumption that New Resources will be discovered, GX Protocol will automatically generate a private network for the discovery within the Galaxys first Universal Galatic Inter-Planetary Trading Network. GX Protocol includes an entire Galatic Self-Sustainable Economical Layout that begins with GalaticCoins approval to be the Galaxys Very First Inter-Planetary Standard as well as the approval of the Galatic Adoption of the GX Protocol. GXp (GX Protocol) essentially will provide the Galaxy a Self-Sustainable Decentralizaed Inter-Planetary Galatic Trading Network Tower allowing transactions between planets. This will be made possible as soon as we successfully estbalish a colony and a sustainable infrastructure and pro-longed living on a colonized planet. GX Protocol also very confusingly doesn't exist yet and only manages to provide power to the GalacticCoin through the Good Faith of the Global Communities who have Open Minds and can embrace futuristic concepts today instead of waiting for tomorrow. GX Protocol may  not exist yet but it has been born and the development of the GX Protocol has officialy started. 



 
